Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an
overview of the 2020 American
supernatural horror film called 'Fantasy Island'.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
Gwen Olsen, a businesswoman, Patrick
Sullivan, stepbrothers J. D. and Brax Weaver,
and troubled Melanie Cole converge at the
intriguing Fantasy Island, a tropical resort where
imaginations appear to come true, after winning
a sweepstakes. Mr. Roarke, the island's landlord,
informs the visitors that they will each be
granted one dream and takes them to their wishes:
J. D. and Brax are distinguished guests at
a mansion rave, Patrick gets enrolled in the
military in honour of his late father, Melanie
seeks vengeance on a childhood bully, and Gwen
accepts her ex-boyfriend Allen Chambers' marriage
proposal, which she had previously refused.
Melanie finds that her bully, Sloane Maddison,
was abducted and transported to the island to
execute the fantasy against her will while
tormenting her by releasing an internet
video of her cheating on her husband. They flee
when she protects her from a disguised surgeon.
Gwen is disappointed when she discovers she
had a kid with Allen the following morning.
Roarke comes and says that he is experiencing his
own fantasy of reuniting with his departed wife,
and that it will be realised as long as the
visitors' wishes are met. Roarke is persuaded
by Gwen to modify her fantasy. Meanwhile,
Patrick is apprehended by American soldiers,
who present him to Lieutenant Sullivan,
their commander. Although Sullivan does
not recognise him, Patrick knows that he is his
father, on his final assignment before dying.
As night falls, the surgeon attacks Melanie and
Sloane once more before being murdered by Damon,
an island private investigator.
Damon leads them to a cave,
explaining that the fancies are caused by
spring water beneath a shining rock. Damon
explains that he came to investigate until Roarke
granted him a wish to see his dead daughter,
but the fantasy turned into a
nightmare, trapping him on the island.
The three collects some spring water before
proceeding to the resort to seek assistance.
However, as J. D. and Brax are kidnapped by a
drug gang linked to the mansion's owner, and
Gwen is sent back to the night she inadvertently
set a fire that killed her neighbour Nick Taylor,
Fantasy Island begins to transform the other
dreams into nightmares. Except for Melanie,
she discovers that all of the other visitors were
there on the same night. Gwen attempts but fails
to save Nick, and she is saved by Julia, Roarke's
personal assistant. Sullivan's troops are also
dispatched to save some captives, who turn out
to be J. D. and Brax. The cartel reanimates as
zombies after being killed, attacking the troops.
J. D. is killed in the subsequent pandemonium,
and Sullivan sacrifices himself so that
his son and Brax can return to the resort.
Melanie and Sloane are assaulted by the zombified
surgeon until Damon saves them by leaping over a
cliff beside him. The remaining guests reunite
at the resort, but are confronted by Roarke,
who explains that they are all being
slaughtered as part of someone else's dream.
The visitors assume that this is Roarke's dream,
believing that he and Julia are Nick's parents,
after realising that everyone was complicit in
Nick's killing. The guests flee to the pier in the
hopes of being rescued by an aircraft dispatched
by Damon's colleagues, but the plane is shot down.
With a grenade carried by Patrick, the gang
rushes to the cave to blast the glowing rock.
Melanie stabbings and wounds Patrick before
kidnapping Sloane. She confesses that this is
her actual fantasy, having staged the tournament
in order to get revenge on the guests for Nick's
murder, with whom she was meant to be on a date
the night he died; Julia is also revealed to be
Roarke's wife. When Julia begins to deteriorate,
she persuades Roarke to assist his visitors in
escaping the island before she vanishes. Sloane
drinks the spring water she collected earlier
and fantasises about Melanie and Nick being
together. Melanie is dragged into the sea
by Nick's zombified body as a result of this.
Melanie detonates the device against the guests
before drowning, but Patrick makes the ultimate
sacrifice by falling on it to save the others.
Gwen, Sloane, and Brax wake up at the
resort, where Roarke offers to let them go.
Brax asks for J. D. to come back to
life and return home as the three
survivors board a plane to leave
the now-purified Fantasy Island.
Roarke says that in order for Brax's fantasy
to come true, he must remain on the island.
Roarke wants Brax to be his new personal assistant
and to have a moniker when Gwen, Sloane, and the
now-resurrected J. D. board the plane. Brax adopts
the moniker 'Tattoo' after remembering a nickname
his step-brother gave him in college,
kicking off the 1977 television series.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.